Thine Messenger
Do you come every day today, your servant?
I have kept an eye on you since birth.
You never even visit a single day old.
ень zrobić, diyorsun,
un förvormad,
I've gone without permission to speak,
Is it clear?
I finally heard that.
I was carrying my feet to Fukagawa in the rain,
but I fell in love with it, as expected of Genshichi.
He came out to throw away his life.
What?
Just in time, in the temple, there was a farewell ceremony for the Shabatmaids.
The sin of the body was also in Fukagawa, and the bridge was also in the Nasa.
Genshichi, who was called a demon, was also throwing away his life here.
It was a reward for taking the curse of hell, which was better than a child.
You and I are both playmates, but we are one kama.
Even in the darkness of the Koguan Hell, the second role in the monja,
if you bet on the scale of the five, you will die without putting your life in danger.
Even in such a hell, you will be in trouble.
This love that I hid in my heart by betting on the mirror,
if there is a blade, I will make it a demon.
Which one will come to the bloody work?
As such, the place is a temple town, and even though only two demons have come.
The devil will give a smoke respirator, and he does not know what to do with it.
The eighth demon,уждom,
the dead mountain, the mountainless cheese and the Return of the Dead Woman,
Cheerfully according to the medicines of the Blackothers,
I shall judge wishes
of maid.
Moroko, prepare myself!
What Bolchいた
Who's there?